you
if you were a woman what would you want
your name to be well growing up I had
two friends they were brother and sister
mm-hmm his name was Megan and her name
was woman no way swear man and woman man
and woman those are the most uncreated
parents ever I mean or bastard created
you probably won't go anywhere in the
world if I somebody named man and woman
woman get in here woman woman come here
woman can you count to four in an
English accent
I suppose give one two three four I
don't know I just mimic but they sound
like an Harry Potter I thought that was
pretty good was really yeah very Potter
Escom me you know if you could fly would
you go to the bathroom in the sky or
would you do it in private I'd go in the
sky
I go in the sky tier right I go every
press just from one dump see how many
cars you can hit coming out of three
workers god knows my windshield gets hit
all the time you don't be the best is if
you could find a bird driving a car you
just fly above the birds and just get
them back vengeance
absolutely suit - vengeance vengeance
Crown Royal the answer to all life's
ridiculous questions for more
ridiculousness with Jimmy watch Jimmy
Kimmel Live weeknights at 11:35